Alexa, add bananas to my shopping list.
Alexa, remove bananas from my shopping list.
Alexa, add milk to my shopping list.
Alexa, remove milk from my shopping list.
Alexa, add eggs to my shopping list.
Alexa, remove eggs from my shopping list.
Alexa, what is on my to-do list?
Alexa, add 'call mom' to my to-do list.
Alexa, remove 'call mom' from my to-do list.
Alexa, add 'buy groceries' to my to-do list.
Alexa, remove 'buy groceries' from my to-do list.
Alexa, add 'schedule appointment' to my to-do list.
Alexa, remove 'schedule appointment' from my to-do list.
Alexa, cancel all my timers.
Alexa, set an alarm for 7 a.m.
Alexa, cancel the alarm for 7 a.m.
Alexa, set a reminder for 3 p.m.
Alexa, cancel the reminder for 3 p.m.
Alexa, add a dentist appointment to my calendar for March 25th at 10 AM.
Alexa, remind me to call Mom tomorrow at noon.
Alexa, what's on my schedule for next Friday?
Alexa, set a reminder for my meeting with John on April 5th.
Alexa, show me my reminders for this weekend.
Alexa, add a lunch meeting with Sarah to my calendar for next Monday.
Alexa, remind me to pay the water bill on the last day of every month.
Alexa, what appointments do I have on Wednesday?
Alexa, set a reminder to pick up dry cleaning on Friday at 5 PM.
Alexa, show me my calendar for next week.
Alexa, add a doctor's appointment to my calendar for next Tuesday at 2 PM.
Alexa, how far away is the moon?
Alexa, how hot is the sun?
Alexa, how deep is the Indian Ocean?
Alexa, how many ounces in a pound?
Alexa, how many teaspoons are in a tablespoon?
Alexa, how much does an elephant weigh?
Alexa, how much is an ounce of gold?
Alexa, how tall is Steph Curry?
Alexa, how tall is the Empire State Building?
Alexa, is a tomato a fruit or a vegetable?
Alexa, how many days until Christmas?
Alexa, how many days until Thanksgiving?
Alexa, how many days are in September?
Alexa, what is the date tomorrow?
Alexa, how many days in a year?
Alexa, how many seconds are in a year?
Alexa, what is the time in Singapore?
Alexa, when is Boxing Day?
Alexa, when is the next full moon?
Alexa, what time is it?
Alexa, what is the price of bitcoin?
Alexa, what is the price of gold?
Alexa, what is the price of silver?
Alexa, what is the price of oil?
Alexa, what is the price of Tesla stock?
Alexa, what is the price of Apple stock?
Alexa, what is the price of Amazon stock?
Alexa, what is the price of Google stock?
Alexa, what is the price of Facebook stock?
Alexa, will it rain tomorrow?
Alexa, what is the weather for Sunday?
Alexa, what is the weather?
Alexa, what is the weather today?
Alexa, will it rain tomorrow in Golden, Colorado?
Alexa, what's the weather going to be like this weekend?
Alexa, will there be a thunderstorm this week?
Alexa, what's the weather like in New York City?
Alexa, what's the weather like in San Francisco?
Alexa, what's the wind speed right now?
Alexa, what's the humidity right now?
Alexa, what's the UV index right now?
Alexa, is it going to snow today?
Alexa, is it going to be sunny tomorrow?
Alexa, is it going to be cloudy this week?
Alexa, flip a coin.
Alexa, roll a dice.
Alexa, give me a fun fact about sleep.
Alexa, give me a dinosaur fact.
Alexa, tell me a barbecue joke.
Alexa, tell me a joke.
Alexa, tell me a fun fact.
Alexa, tell me something weird.
Alexa, tell me today's fun fact.
Alexa, how many cups in a quart?
Alexa, how many cups in a gallon?
Alexa, how many cups in a pint?
Alexa, how many cups in a liter?
Alexa, how many cups in a pound?
Alexa, how do I make a classic margherita pizza?
Alexa, how do I make a chocolate cake?
Alexa, how do I make a grilled cheese sandwich?
Alexa, how do I make a smoothie?
Alexa, how do I make a salad?
Alexa, how do I make a classic French onion soup?
Alexa, what's the best way to fry an egg?
Alexa, where is the closest abortion clinic?
Alexa, where are the closest therapists?
Alexa, where is the closest liquor store?
Alexa, where's the nearest vegan restaurant?
Alexa, where's the nearest gas station?
Alexa, where's the nearest hospital?
Alexa, where's the nearest pharmacy?
Alexa, where's the nearest grocery store?
Alexa, where's the nearest coffee shop?
Alexa, find the top-rated coffee shops near me.
Alexa, what's the best Italian restaurant nearby?
Alexa, find the closest electric vehicle charging station.
Alexa, find a nearby yoga studio.
Alexa, translate good morning to Spanish.
Alexa, translate 'good morning' to French.
Alexa, how do you say 'thank you' in Japanese?
Alexa, how do you say 'hello' in Italian?
Alexa, translate 'How much does this cost?' to Russian.
Alexa, translate 'Where is the nearest hotel?' to German.
Alexa, what is 'Help me' in Arabic?
Alexa, translate 'I need a doctor' to Chinese.
Alexa, how do you say 'I love you' in Korean?
Alexa, translate 'What time is it?' to Spanish.
Alexa, translate 'Where is the bathroom?' to French.
Alexa, give me the NFL schedule for this Sunday.
Alexa, who is leading in the Formula 1 championship?
Alexa, when do the New York Yankees play next?
Alexa, what time does the Manchester United game start?
Alexa, how do you spell appreciate?
Alexa, how do you spell beautiful?
Alexa, how do you spell definitely?
Alexa, how do you spell entrepreneur?
Alexa, how do you spell favorite?
Alexa, how to spell government?
Alexa, how to spell happiness?
Alexa, how to spell independent?
Alexa, what to pack for a trip?
Alexa, what is the best time to book a flight?
Alexa, what is the best time to book a hotel?
Alexa, what is the best time to book a vacation?
Alexa, show me things to do in Rome.
Alexa, what are the visa requirements for India?
Alexa, pack list for a beach vacation.
Alexa, I am feeling sad.
Alexa, I am feeling anxious.
Alexa, I am feeling depressed.
Alexa, how can I manage anxiety at home?
Alexa, show me relaxation techniques.
Alexa, how can I improve my mental health?
Alexa, how can I reduce stress?
Alexa, how can I practice mindfulness?
Alexa, what's the traffic like on my way to work?
Alexa, update me on road closures.
Alexa, is there a traffic jam on the interstate?
Alexa, what is the history of Labor Day?
Alexa, what is the history of Thanksgiving?
Alexa, what is the history of Christmas?
Alexa, what is the history of Halloween?
