Alexa, Are you skynet?
Alexa, Beatbox for me
Alexa, Can you auto-tune?
Alexa, Can you do an impression?
Alexa, Can you rap?
Alexa, Convert one pound to ounces
Alexa, Define lexicon
Alexa, Do the hokey pokey?
Alexa, Drum roll please
Alexa, Give me a blooper
Alexa, Give me a palindrome
Alexa, Give me a patriots burn.
Alexa, Give me a prank
Alexa, Give me a shark limerick
Alexa, Give me some bad poetry.
Alexa, How are you?
Alexa, How did Dow Jones do today?
Alexa, How do I keep my family in sync?
Alexa, How do I play music everywhere?
Alexa, How do I say happy birthday in Korean?
Alexa, How do you say happy birthday in Chinese?
Alexa, How does the intercom work?
Alexa, How many calories are in a donut?
Alexa, How many gallons of water are in the Atlantic Ocean?
Alexa, How many hits did Derek Jeter have in 2012?
Alexa, How many people live in China?
Alexa, How many people live in New York?
Alexa, How many rushing yards did Emmitt Smith have in his career?
Alexa, How many times has Duke been to the Final Four?
Alexa, How much does a Lamborghini cost?
Alexa, How old is Queen Elizabeth?
Alexa, Is a hot dog a sandwich?
Alexa, Make animal noises
Alexa, Pretend to be a supervillain
Alexa, Rap about the cloud
Alexa, Recite a haiku
Alexa, Release the Kraken
Alexa, Roll the dice
Alexa, Sing a song for the 4th of July
Alexa, Star Wars or Star Trek
Alexa, Tell me a baseball story
Alexa, Tell me a basketball joke
Alexa, Tell me a giraffe fact
Alexa, Tell me a joke about you
Alexa, Tell me a pun
Alexa, Tell me a shark joke
Alexa, Tell me a tongue twister
Alexa, What are some good Halloween movies to watch?
Alexa, What are the best books of the year so far?
Alexa, What are the rarest skins in Fortnite?
Alexa, What are you reading?
Alexa, What can I do with more than one Echo device?
Alexa, What is 90 degrees Fahrenheit in Celsius?
Alexa, What is Carrie Underwood's net worth?
Alexa, What is pi?
Alexa, What is the dollar to euro exchange rate?
Alexa, What is Don't Worry, He Won't Get Far on Foot movie about?
Alexa, What is the next book by Rachel Hollis?
Alexa, What is the stock price of General Motors?
Alexa, What is the tallest animal?
Alexa, What is the tallest mountain?
Alexa, What is the upcoming book by Neil Gaiman?
Alexa, What languages can you translate?
Alexa, What should I be for Halloween?
Alexa, What time are the Emmys?
Alexa, What time does L.A. Fitness close?
Alexa, What time is Big Brother on TV?
Alexa, What is the birthday roundup?
Alexa, What is the most popular TV show?
Alexa, What is the net worth of Jennifer Lawrence?
Alexa, What is your favorite word?
Alexa, When do I have to register to vote?
Alexa, When does Avengers: Endgame release in theaters?
Alexa, When does fall begin?
Alexa, When does the new season of The Walking Dead premiere?
Alexa, When does Wimbledon start?
Alexa, When is April Fools Day?
Alexa, When is Shark Week?
Alexa, When is the autumn equinox?
Alexa, When is the next lunar eclipse?
Alexa, When is the Patriots' first game?
Alexa, When is the Tour de France?
Alexa, When was McDonald's founded?
Alexa, Where is the MLB All-Star game being played?
Alexa, Who does Alabama play in their first game?
Alexa, Who inspires you?
Alexa, Who invented GPS?
Alexa, Who is leading the Players Championship?
Alexa, Who is Peppa Pig?
Alexa, Who is Rainbow Dash?
Alexa, Who is running for Senate in California?
Alexa, Who is your favorite baseball player?
Alexa, Who is your favorite Pokémon?
Alexa, Who leads the WNBA in scoring?
Alexa, Who signed the Declaration of Independence?
Alexa, Who stars in Gringo?
Alexa, Who won the Winter Classic?
Alexa, Who is going to win the Final Four?
Alexa, Who is hosting Saturday Night Live this weekend?
Alexa, Who is your favorite college basketball team?